so my name is Jessica Schilling I am
part of the newly reconstituted ipfs GUI
and in web browsers working group and we
this is this is not so much a demo it's
just a recap of some of the things that
we were in the light you know that we've
been up to basically here's here's the
TLDR we closed upwards of 30 UX related
issues across the ipfs ecosystem in the
second quarter of 2020 why well kazoo
works is important and we want IVFs to
be easier to use for newbies and experts
alike I mean that sounds pretty simple
but it's it's pretty real and so you
want to know what we did well glad you
asked
here are a few things we have been in a
lot of discussions so I'm gonna talk as
little as possible maybe give you a
little bit of sea music a PFS desktop we
have improved screen reader behavior for
folks of all types we have an enhanced
peers map with bigger dots for more
peers in specific geographical areas web
UI is better to use shell specific
guidance if your demon isn't running
including copy and a case specific to
Windows PowerShell which is pretty sweet
I guess companion got better too
preferences are in their very own tab
I've also got improved welcome page with
some new help resources here's it on
hint you can get to this page anytime
you want by clicking the heartbeat cube
from your companion overlay window
desktop companion and explorer all got
better because we have many more
translations and updated translations
and better translations and less buggy
translations I failed the Explorer got
better no more of those super short file
lists that only take up like 100 pixels
in your screen Explorer type ELP bio and
this one I just didn't see bugged me now
redirects to explore xlvii oh I give us
distribution this is better as well
we've got an IP FS look and feel to it
also a better table display and it looks
good on your phone gateway index pages
but you see all the time we made some
changes to those ipfs look and feel
there's also had are links to about and
bug report which is pretty sweet
also these work on your phone now we've
also got more file type icons
specifically for videos and these
gateway listing pages also if you use
eye
CSS is part of anything that you're
working on it's better to I concepts are
complete and optimized we've got better
colors more options and improved
accessibility including an improved
blink blue also the core fonts and ipfs
CSS Montserrat and Inter comment updated
to their latest and Spiti Spurgeon's
also as CSS support hekia and more
I won't budget just want to say thank
you on behalf of the IVF is given teen
you can learn more about us and hippo
calm slash I just touched ipfs Dewey
thanks guys